\documentclass{article}

\usepackage{titlesec}
\usepackage{titling}
\usepackage[margin=1in]{geometry}

\titleformat{\section}
{\huge\bfseries}
{}
{0em}
{}[\titlerule]

\titleformat{\subsection}
{\bfseries\Large}
{\hspace{-.25in}$\bullet$}
{0em}
{}

\titleformat{\subsubsection}[runin]
{\bfseries}
{}
{0em}
{}[ --]

\titlespacing{\subsubsection}
{0em}{1em}{1em}

\renewcommand{\maketitle}{
\begin{center}
{\huge\bfseries
\theauthor}

\vspace{.25em}

johnlradford23@gmail.com --- https://johnlradford.io

\end{center}
}


\begin{document}

\title{R\'esum\'e}
\author{John L. Radford}

\maketitle

\section{Technical Skills}

\subsection{Languages}

\subsubsection{Programming Languages}

C, Bash, Perl, PHP, Python, SQL

\subsubsection{Markup Languages}

HTML, Markdown, {\LaTeX}, Mediawiki Markdown

\subsection{Web Frameworks}

Flask, CGI, Bootstrap

\subsection{CMSs}

WordPress, MediaWiki

\subsection{Operating Systems}

FreeBSD, Linux

\subsection{Server Technologies}

Apache, Nginx, Postfix, Dovecot, MySQL

\subsection{Virtualization / Containerization}

Docker, QEMU/KVM, VirtualBox

\section{General Skills}

\subsection{Leadership Experiences}

Eagle Scout - Troop 66

Ex Pluribus Capitibus Supra of the UPG Campus Alliance for Free Thought

President of University of Pittsburgh's delegation to the model European Union (2016)

\subsection{Communication Experience}

I have written hundreds of academic papers for a wide variety of courses, on
subjects ranging from International Relation to Medieval English literature.

I have responded to thousands of Emails about technical and bureaucratic
subjects with customers from all around the globe.

I've effectively communicated with coworkers \& team members both in person and
via messaging applications to diagnose and resolve technical issues on the fly.

I am used to providing live troubleshooting and technical support over the
phone. 

\subsection{Creativity / Problem Solving}

As a tinkerer and home computer enthusiast I enjoy building custom internal
solutions for my home network / server rack.

As a web design enthusiast I enjoy building good looking and useful web
applications that work well on the front and backend.

As a amateur hacker and script kiddy I enjoy finding interesting ways to
overcome technical obstacles, as well as ways to guard against such hax.

\section{Education}

\textbf{University of Pittsburgh - Greensburg Campus}

Graduated: 2017

Major: Humanities Gen., Philosophy/Art History/Classical Literature

Minor: Political Science

Related Coursework: Technical Writing Classes, General Written and Professional
Communication Experience, Courses in Math, Public Speaking, Rhetoric, Logic,
and Heuristics.

\section{Work Experience}

\subsection{IT Helpdesk Assistant -- University of PittsburghÂ Greensburg}
Sprint \& Fall Semester 2017

I worked as a workstudy for the University of Pittsburgh at Greensburg where I
was responsible for assisting students and faculty with computing issues, both
in person and over the phone. I learned to work with networking, printing, and
AV equipment. Learned to resolve issues on Mac, Windows, and mobile platforms.

\subsection{Customer Support Technician -- Pair Networks, Inc.}

Timeframe: 2018 - Present

I currently work as an overnight support technician (level 2) for a web hosting
company on Pittsburgh's southside. My duties involve, answering the phone at
2am because someone accidentally deleted a WordPress plugin, helping old ladies
setup their Email clients, kindly doing the needful for our overseas customers,
blocking RU \& CN IPs by the 0/24, trying to get MySQL to restart, failing,
tailing the error log, rebooting, fscking my life away, and all the while
delivering a satisfying customer service experience.

\subsubsection{Departments \& Teams}

\textbf{General Support Department}

The general support department is responsible for responding to tickets via
Email and answering incoming phone calls. All level 1-3 technicians take and do
Email tickets, while only level 1-2 techs answer the phones. 

\textbf{Urgent Bolt - Live Server Monitoring Team}

The urgent bold (ub) aka live server monitoring team is responsible for
watching the Icinga monitoring interface and responding to outages and alerts
as they occur. A prototypical example is having to respond to a load spike
being caused by excessive malign traffic toward a poorly coded web application.
This is typically resolved by identifying and then firewalling the bad actors
responsible for the traffic in order to return the server to stability.

UB team members are also responsible for responding to and diagnosing the
source of large accumulations of Email, typically caused by spammers
manipulating web forms or compromising mailboxes.

Lastly, UB members are responsible for, emergency drive / hardware
replacements, emergency reboots, emergency escalations, and answering the
doorbell.

\textbf{Upgrade \& Moves Department}

At Pair, the upgrade \& moves department is responsible for moving customer
accounts between various generations of hosting platforms and account types.

I have moved thousands (if not tens of thousands) of accounts, websites,
mailboxes, databases, DNS zone files, all sort of configs, etc. between various
generation FreeBSD and Linux servers as part of the upgrades and moves team.

\textbf{Signups Fraud Detection Team}
The signup and fraud detection team is responsible for manually reviewing the
signup data of recently created accounts that have been flaged by the automated
fraud detection systems. We check for inconsistencies between for example; the
signup's business address and signup's IP address location, as well as checking
for other signs for fraud.

\textbf{Unofficial Scripting}

In certain ways the culture of my job is very \emph{work your own way} as long
as you get the same results as the rest of us. Everybody there has their own
shell aliases and custom scripts.

Working overnight I have an abundance of free time. My nightly life now
consists of about 30% doing my job and about 50% writing tools to make my job
easier (the last 20% is youtube). I work in an information rich environment
that is desperately in need of automation and I enjoy writing tools to help
improve my life and the lives of my coworkers.

\end{document}
